Update example folder structure and add two example scenarios (#111)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-twitter: example/DM-mentions/Direct Message Company Mentions.md

## Customer Support tweets and Feedback Management

This use case demonstrates how the Twitter API v2 can be utilized to enhance customer engagement by monitoring mentions of a company's support handle and providing timely responses through direct messages. The example involves a sequence of actions that leverage the Twitter API v2 to automate and streamline customer support efforts.

## Prerequisites

> ### 1. Obtain Access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Setup Twitter developer account
```

Author: Done

> Refer to the [Setup guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/twitter/latest#setup-guide) to obtain access token, if you do not have one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Setup guide](https://central.ballerina.io/ballerinax/twitter/latest#setup-guide) to obtain necessary credentials (client ID, secret, tokens).
```

Author: Done

### 2. Configuration

> Configure Twitter API v2 related configurations in the `Config.toml` file in the example directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure Twitter API v2 credentials in the `Config.toml` file in the example directory.
```

Author: Done
